Remove DependencyVersion mode HighestMinor in nuget.cofig (#5872)
Particular/docs.particular.net: README.md

### NuGet package references

> Docs assumes all dependencies follow SemVer.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true, or something that logically follows from the guidelines below. I'd just remove this change.

> Docs assumes all dependencies follow SemVer and uses [NuGet DependencyVersion mode `HighestMinor` (`~/nuget.config`)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/reference/nuget-config-file#config-section)

Author: ```suggestion
Docs assumes all dependencies follow SemVer.
```

#### Sometimes current patch

> Due to DependencyVersion mode `HighestMinor` it is not needed to pin to a minor unless the referenced package is not following SemVer. It may be necessary to version snippets down to the "current patch".

Author: ```suggestion
In some cases, usually where a package has significant new API in a minor, it may be necessary to version snippets down to the "current patch".
```
